docs: Add release notes for v1.25.0 (#3100)
sqlc-dev/sqlc: docs/howto/push.md

Once you're ready to push, remove the `--dry-run` flag.

```shell
$ sqlc push
```

### Tags

> Each push can be associated with a set of tags. Tags only refer to a single push and are overwritten by subsequent `push` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide tags to associate with a push, primarily as a convenient reference when using `sqlc verify` with the `against` argument.

Tags only refer to a single push, so if you pass an existing tag to `push` it will overwrite the previous reference.
```
